README.md, before:

Overview
RedditQuestX is a custom Reddit app designed for testing and experimenting with subreddit functionalities. This app integrates directly with r/RedditQuestTest to enhance the user experience by providing additional features and automation.

Features
✅ Custom UI elements in subreddit, post, or comment menus
✅ Collects public Reddit user data for analysis
✅ Supports moderator tools and permissions
✅ Stores collected data for future improvements

Installation & Setup
Clone this repository:
git clone https://github.com/ayish1998/reddit-questx.git
cd reddit-questx
Install dependencies (if required):
npm install  # or pip install -r requirements.txt (depending on the tech stack)
Deploy the app using Devvit:
devvit playtest RedditQuestTest
Visit the test subreddit to check for updates:
r/RedditQuestTest

Usage
Open r/RedditQuestTest and test the app functionalities.
Customize settings in the Reddit Developer Dashboard.
Modify the app code and push updates as needed.

Contributing
Feel free to submit issues or feature requests. Fork the repository and create a pull request for any changes.

License
📜 MIT License – Free to use and modify.

Commit message:

Updated devvit.yaml and added new content

README.md, after:

# RedditQuestX  

## Overview  
**RedditQuestX** is a custom Reddit app designed for testing and experimenting with subreddit functionalities.  
It integrates with **r/RedditQuestTest** to enhance user experience by providing additional features and automation.  

## Features 🚀  
✅ Custom UI elements in subreddit, post, or comment menus  
✅ Collects public Reddit user data for analysis  
✅ Supports moderator tools and permissions  
✅ Stores collected data for future improvements  

## Installation & Setup 🛠  
1. **Clone this repository:**  
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/ayish1998/reddit-questx.git
   cd reddit-questx

2. npm install  # For Node.js projects  
# or  
pip install -r requirements.txt  # For Python-based setups  

3. npm install  # For Node.js projects  


## Usage 💡
Open r/RedditQuestTest and test the app functionalities.
Customize settings in the Reddit Developer Dashboard.
Modify the app code and push updates as needed.

## Contributing 🤝
Feel free to submit issues or feature requests.
Fork the repository and create a pull request for any changes.
## License 📜
MIT License – Free to use and modify.
